Added plugin message api & added GROUP_PLAYERS_ONLINE placeholders (#157)
WiIIiam278/Velocitab: docs/Plugin-Message-API-Examples.md

Velocitab provides a plugin message API.

> ## APIRequests from backends

Reviewer: APIRequests -> API Requests from Backend Plugins

> ### 1 Changing player's username in tablist

Reviewer: ```suggesiton
### 1 Changing player's username in the TAB List
```

To change a player's username in the tablist, you can send a plugin message with the channel `velocitab:main` and as data `UPDATE_CUSTOM_NAME:::customName`.
Remember to replace `customName` with the desired name.
<details>

> <summary>Example &mdash; Changing player's username in tablist</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Example &mdash; Changing player's username in the TAB List</summary>
```
